docs/index.md, before:

# HULKs Bootcamp

<div align="center">
    <iframe width="854px" height="480px" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/j6L6avObNGI" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>
    
## Test Your Skills

Here are two example tasks that represent simplified versions of typical problems we face. We encourage you to team up with a friend to try and solve these tasks, but, of course, you can also solve them on your own. It is not mandatory to solve these tasks in order to become a HULKs member, but it is a good exercise to test your skills and find out if you are interested in becoming a HULK.

 - [Vision](vision.md)
 - [Motion](motion/)
 
## Get In Touch

If you are interested and want to participate, you should get in touch with us. Just use the HULKs Bootcamp Telegram invite-link below and write us a short message or ask any question you have (including questions about the example tasks).

 - For communication we use [Telegram](https://telegram.org/)
 - [HULKs Bootcamp Telegram Group invite-link](https://t.me/joinchat/yO0r_5wiZxY5ZWJi)
 - You should also have a [Github](https://github.com/) account, so we can provide access to our code and wiki.
 - Links below, with "at HULKs", will only be accessible once we have added your Github account to our team.
 
## Equip Your Toolbox

Like many professional software developers, we use Linux and our toolchain currently does not fully work on Windows or MacOS. In order to facilitate coding in a large team, we use Git and GitHUB which helps to avoid conflicts and keeps versioning clean. As programming languages we use C++ for the code that runs on our NAO robots, and for tooling we mainly use Python3.
The links below are supposed to help you get the knowledge and skills you will need when working with the HULKs. Check some of them out if you want to learn more about these topics.

Linux

 - [Linux command line](https://ubuntu.com/tutorials/command-line-for-beginners)
 - [Full system setup at HULKs](https://github.com/HULKs/nao/wiki/Full-system-setup)
 - [Manjaro at HULKs](https://github.com/HULKs/nao/wiki/Installing-Manjaro)
 - [VMware (if needs be) at HULKs](https://github.com/HULKs/nao/wiki/Installing-Manjaro#special-notes-vmware)
 - [Basic Linux Configuration at HULKs](https://github.com/HULKs/nao/wiki/Basic-Linux-Configuration)
 - [Getting the code compiling at HULKs](https://github.com/HULKs/nao/wiki/Getting-the-code-compiling)
 
Git

 - [Git Reference](https://git-scm.com/docs)
 - [Git Cheat Sheet](https://education.github.com/git-cheat-sheet-education.pdf)
 - [Alternative Git Cheat Sheet](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/atlassian-git-cheatsheet)
 - [Github](https://github.com/)
 - [Git & Github at HULKs](https://github.com/HULKs/nao/wiki/Git-Guide)

C++

 - [Tutorial](https://www.cplusplus.com/doc/tutorial/)
 - [Coding conventions at HULKs](https://github.com/HULKs/nao/wiki/Coding-conventions)

Python

 - [Beginner Guides](https://wiki.python.org/moin/BeginnersGuide/Programmers)
 - [PEP 8 -- Style Guide for Python Code](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/)

Specification of our robots

 - [NAO - Technical overview](http://doc.aldebaran.com/2-1/family/robots/index_robots.html)
 
## What a real HULK does

After setting up the basics, the real task of programming autonomous soccer robots can begin.

 - Become a Vereins-member
 - Attend meetings regularly
 - Familiarize yourself with the [KanBan workflow at HULKs](https://github.com/HULKs/nao/wiki/KanBan-Board)
 - Check out the [KanBan Board at HULKs](https://github.com/HULKs/nao/projects/13)
 - Solve [Issues at HULKs](https://github.com/HULKs/nao/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22recruit+task%22)
 - Team up if you prefer to work in groups
 - Ask for help when you need help
 - Solve [Issue #1337 at HULKs](https://github.com/HULKs/nao/issues/1337)
 
<div align="center">
    <a href=https://hulks.de/imprint/>Imprint/Impressum</a>
</div>

Commit message:

add more text to task intro

docs/index.md, after:

# HULKs Bootcamp

<div align="center">
    <iframe width="854px" height="480px" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/j6L6avObNGI" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>
    
## Test Your Skills

Here are two example tasks that represent simplified versions of typical problems we face. We encourage you to team up with a friend to try and solve these tasks, but, of course, you can also solve them on your own. It is not mandatory to solve these tasks in order to become a HULKs member, but it is a good exercise to test your skills and find out if you are interested in becoming a HULK.

In these tasks you will find embedded code editors, but you might want to copy & paste the code to a local editor of your choice for convenience and as backup, so you don't loose your code when reloading the website.

If you work in a team, you can try out working together in the same "room" by using the same "room name" in the URL. So when one person opens the task website and shares the URL with the rest of the team, you will all be working on the same files and can see the same results. That of course requires some coordination, so that you don't overwrite each others changes simultaneously.

 - [Vision Task](vision.md)
 - [Motion Task](motion/)
 
## Get In Touch

If you are interested and want to participate, you should get in touch with us. Just use the HULKs Bootcamp Telegram invite-link below and write us a short message or ask any question you have (including questions about the example tasks).

 - For communication we use [Telegram](https://telegram.org/)
 - [HULKs Bootcamp Telegram Group invite-link](https://t.me/joinchat/yO0r_5wiZxY5ZWJi)
 - You should also have a [Github](https://github.com/) account, so we can provide access to our code and wiki.
 - Links below, with "at HULKs", will only be accessible once we have added your Github account to our team.
 
## Equip Your Toolbox

Like many professional software developers, we use Linux and our toolchain currently does not fully work on Windows or MacOS. In order to facilitate coding in a large team, we use Git and GitHUB which helps to avoid conflicts and keeps versioning clean. As programming languages we use C++ for the code that runs on our NAO robots, and for tooling we mainly use Python3.
The links below are supposed to help you get the knowledge and skills you will need when working with the HULKs. Check some of them out if you want to learn more about these topics.

Linux

 - [Linux command line](https://ubuntu.com/tutorials/command-line-for-beginners)
 - [Full system setup at HULKs](https://github.com/HULKs/nao/wiki/Full-system-setup)
 - [Manjaro at HULKs](https://github.com/HULKs/nao/wiki/Installing-Manjaro)
 - [VMware (if needs be) at HULKs](https://github.com/HULKs/nao/wiki/Installing-Manjaro#special-notes-vmware)
 - [Basic Linux Configuration at HULKs](https://github.com/HULKs/nao/wiki/Basic-Linux-Configuration)
 - [Getting the code compiling at HULKs](https://github.com/HULKs/nao/wiki/Getting-the-code-compiling)
 
Git

 - [Git Reference](https://git-scm.com/docs)
 - [Git Cheat Sheet](https://education.github.com/git-cheat-sheet-education.pdf)
 - [Alternative Git Cheat Sheet](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/atlassian-git-cheatsheet)
 - [Github](https://github.com/)
 - [Git & Github at HULKs](https://github.com/HULKs/nao/wiki/Git-Guide)

C++

 - [Tutorial](https://www.cplusplus.com/doc/tutorial/)
 - [Coding conventions at HULKs](https://github.com/HULKs/nao/wiki/Coding-conventions)

Python

 - [Beginner Guides](https://wiki.python.org/moin/BeginnersGuide/Programmers)
 - [PEP 8 -- Style Guide for Python Code](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/)

Specification of our robots

 - [NAO - Technical overview](http://doc.aldebaran.com/2-1/family/robots/index_robots.html)
 
## What a real HULK does

After setting up the basics, the real task of programming autonomous soccer robots can begin.

 - Become a Vereins-member
 - Attend meetings regularly
 - Familiarize yourself with the [KanBan workflow at HULKs](https://github.com/HULKs/nao/wiki/KanBan-Board)
 - Check out the [KanBan Board at HULKs](https://github.com/HULKs/nao/projects/13)
 - Solve [Issues at HULKs](https://github.com/HULKs/nao/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22recruit+task%22)
 - Team up if you prefer to work in groups
 - Ask for help when you need help
 - Solve [Issue #1337 at HULKs](https://github.com/HULKs/nao/issues/1337)
 
<div align="center">
    <a href=https://hulks.de/imprint/>Imprint/Impressum</a>
</div>
